I you ever enter room just full of
memorabilia that's this movie right here
I had a Voltron we're in 35 year old
sitting next to me clapping like a seal
throughout the whole movie because he
was playing like a game of I spy with
the screen and every time anything from
his childhood came up my man would just
say it out loud like we're at a museum
so I guess thanks for the assist at
Easter eggs but is this Spielberg back
in his prime right is this the best
movie of the year thus this movie have
that magic we grew up with while our
dads went out to get milk and never came
back
well of course I always recommend going
to go check it out for yourself but in
my opinion I thought it was worth the
junior price let me explain if you
didn't read the book or half of it like
I did then this spoiler breakdown pretty
much goes like this it's the Year 2045
blade runners are still out there and
there's a guy named James Halliday who
pretty much up to jobs gates and Kanye
as he opened up the future with this
thing known as the Oasis it's pretty
much online gaming with VR and it
changes everything since everyone now
lives digitally and whoever controls the
Oasis practically controls the world
it's like the fat guys in wall-e except
we're still on earth and everyone's poor
that's why everyone gets excited when
Halliday dies because he leaves behind
the scavenger hunt to find the golden
Easter egg that will give that person
possession of the Oasis and all they
have to do is study this dude's life
like literally examine his childhood and
become obsessed with him the 80s and
everything that he grew up with in order
to solve this puzzle that's the most
Kanye thing you can do that's where
Cyclops and iron girl and his 'yes'
friend who won't return his texts set
out to solve all of the clues I'll say
this I think it's cool to see all these
pop-culture references right like
obviously it's Warner Bros so they can
show all the Disney stuff but I do
believe right when we're looking at the
point of this movie we're gonna get to
that point in our lives but everything's
just in VR if we aren't already like
that with the black Mara phones that we
have in our pockets I just wasn't aware
in terms of the movie that it was more
of a young adult film if you go what I'm
saying I don't get me wrong I'd love to
save the world if I was a kid right
there's definitely that movie magic when
you're a child and you're going up
against adults but I don't know I was
expecting a little bit more than some
things like that twist with the butler
dude actually being Simon Pegg who was
holidays partner the whole time so why
was he spitting exposition if he knew
everything that was going on
you got a postal truck in this movie
that's running faster than
military-grade vehicles this chick right
here is walking in and out of this
highly guarded security corporation
office like it's a freaking Walmart the
clues in order to find the Easter eggs
end up being drive in Reverse and you'll
win the race go dance with the girl that
I couldn't solve this Atari actually the
last one is pretty cool
it actually goes off of this game called
adventure that was actually the first
video game that included an Easter Egg
and all you had to do was just move
around in the game you didn't even have
to win it in order to find it and that's
kind of the whole point that holiday was
going for that it's not always about
winning right that everyone's so focused
on the ending goal but they ignore the
journey like my man created this oasis
on a Sunday afternoon just for fun but
everybody and their Mendelson wants to
take it away just to you know make it
into a business they start hiring
interns just to figure out how to get
these Easter eggs like they start
whoring out pop culture for their gain
like their WatchMojo and that's what
ruins the joy of it that's why this
movie is talking about the journey and
not being the main focus and not the
ending that's why when Wade wins at all
he closes the Oasis two days of the week
so you can actually spend physical time
with your family and to realize that the
game of life was never meant for just
one play but never enter that shining
world heck no thank you guys for
checking out this video as always let me
know your thoughts down below in the
comment section like I said I thought it
was a fun enjoyable movie I like the
pop-culture references references that
where you we're gonna be figuring out
till the year 2045 I got a little Easter
Egg video of my favorites anyone telling
you that they have them all they'd be
lying because people don't even know
them but I'm telling you this I think
the movie the story itself could have
been handled a bit better and not have
that freaking training day moment with
Denzel Washington at the end of the
movie but I do think that it would still
look fun movie to enjoy the theaters I'm
here to know your thoughts let me know
down below in the comment section don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
I'll send you your own brazzers VR
headset